update sci pipeline page (#107)
Green-Software-Foundation/if-docs: docs/pipelines/sci.md

- the lifespan of the server running our application is really 4 years
- the coefficient relating data transferred over the network to energy is accurate
- the power curve relating CPU utilization to power is appropriate for the processor being used to run our application
- the coefficient relating memory utilization to energy is accurate
- it is appropriate to consider end user embodied carbon, end user operational carbon and the operationl and embodied emissions of the data center to be out of scope.
- the temporal granularity of the observations are sufficient to accurately capture the behaviour of our application

## Components

There is only one component in this example. It represents the entire application. The component pipeline looks as follows:

```
pipeline:
  compute:
    - interpolate
    - cpu-factor-to-wattage
    - wattage-times-duration
    - wattage-to-energy-kwh
    - calculate-vcpu-ratio
    - correct-cpu-energy-for-vcpu-ratio
    - sum-energy-components
    - embodied-carbon
    - operational-carbon
    - sum-carbon
    - sci
```

## Plugins

### Interpolate

> The `interpolate` plugin is used once. The instance is named `interpolate`. It is used to interpolate the curve relating CPU utilization and thermal-design-power factor so that the right value canb be retrived for the observed CPU utilization at each timestep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `interpolate` plugin is used once. The instance is named `interpolate`. It is used to interpolate the curve relating CPU utilization and thermal-design-power factor so that the right value can be retrieved for the observed CPU utilization at each timestep.
```

input-parameters:
  - cpu-factor
  - cpu/thermal-design-power
output-parameter: 
  - cpu-wattage

wattage-times-duration:
input-parameters:
  - cpu-wattage
  - duration
output-parameter: 
  - cpu-wattage-times-duration

operational-carbon:
input-parameters:
  - energy
  - grid/carbon-intensity
output-parameter: 
  - carbon-operational

```

### Divide

The `Divide` plugin is used once in this manifest. The instance is named `wattage-to-energy-kwh`. It is used to convert energy in W/duration to kWh.

#### config

```
wattage-to-energy-kwh:
numerator: cpu-wattage-times-duration
denominator: 3600000
output: cpu-energy-raw
```

### Sum

The `Sum` plugin is used several times in this manifest. The instances are:

- `sum-energy-components`: used to sum all the various components of energy into a single value, called `energy`.
- `sum-carbon`: used to sum the various components of carbon into a single value, named `carbon`.

#### config

```
sum-energy-components:
input-parameters:
  - cpu/energy
  - network/energy
output-parameter: 
  - energy

sum-carbon:
input-parameters:
  - carbon-operational
  - carbon-embodied
output-parameter: 
  - carbon
```

### SciEmbodied

> The `SciEmbodied` plugin is used once. Its purpose is to calculate the embodied emissions of the server running our application and apportion the totalembodied carbon to the fraction that we are responsible (i.e. scale it based on the application only using a fraction of the available resources and a fraction of the server lifespan). We do not scale by resource allocation in this example, only time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `SciEmbodied` plugin is used once. Its purpose is to calculate the embodied emissions of the server running our application and apportion the total embodied carbon to the fraction that we are responsible (i.e. scale it based on the application only using a fraction of the available resources and a fraction of the server lifespan). We do not scale by resource allocation in this example, only time.
```
